---
layout: post
title: "A Fatal Error. A Problematic Frame. There Goes My Core."
author: Sarah White
tags: [java, ruby, smack]
---
bc. A fatal error has been detected by the Java Runtime Environment:
SIGSEGV (0xb) at pc=0x00007f995359f24d, pid=4003, tid=140296504968960

Translation for mere humans: It's dead, Sarah. You killed something important-sounding by attempting to build a teeny, tiny little webpage on localhost. _Sigh._

bc. Java VM: OpenJDK 64-Bit Server VM (22.0-b10 mixed mode linux-amd64 compressed oops)

Is this an _oops_ my laptop accidentally mixed up some important bits? Or *OOPS* the official operations processing specialists *ARE FROWNING UPON* my coding attempts?

bc.. Problematic frame:
C  [libjruby-cext.so+0x2624d] Java_org_jruby_cext_Native_freeHandle+0xb7

p. Oh, so now it's just 'problematic' not *FATAL*. Make up your mind already!
 
bc. Failed to write core dump. Core dumps have been disabled. To enable core dumping, try "ulimit -c unlimited" before starting Java again.

Core dumps sound bad. They're always the *LAST RESORT* in movies.  If we detach the rest of the train cars maybe we'll make the leap across the giant canyon. If we shoot our nuclear reactor out a torpedo tube maybe we'll kill the bad guys chasing us (but obliterate all life in the Pacific ocean).

bc. Aborted (core dumped)

The heck with the stupid core anyway. Where's my dilithium crystal virtual machine? Then I could sling shot my laptop around the sun before the terminal would even dare to mention errors to me. Of course, then my laptop would probably learn to cloak itself as well and hide from me.  My laptop might not be able to pass the Turing test but I betcha it could score major points on the DSM-IV antisocial personality test.

And I don't want to hear anything about how one's computer is a reflection of its user.
